#hell
<b>
He taught us about: Understanding the Human Being Briefing About “Self Body” Activities Of Self Body Response Of Self And Body Gross Misunderstanding Understanding Harmony In Self State Of Imagination
Then, there was our peer interaction of “CANVA”. Canva is a free graphic design platform that’s great for making invitations, business cards, Instagram posts, and more. A drag and drop interface makes customizing thousands of templates simple and easy. Canva’s wide array of features allow you to edit photos without extensive photo editing knowledge or experience. Seniors briefed us about various features of canva. Then, they told us to make a post on our own and upload on to a google form given by them. I made a post using canva
DAY 8
Today, there was induction day as well as the first visit to my department, that is, CSE department. So, I went to college with a few content of excitement. First, there was induction program. The first speaker of the program was Kanwardeep Kalra, senior software engineer from March 2011-present 13yrs 5 months in Gurgaon, analyst programmer from Jul 2008 - Feb 2011 in Mumbai area, done bachelor’s degree in computer science from G.Z.S.C.E.T. from 2004-2008, done schooling from DAV Public school, Ludhiana from 1990-2004.
They started with a play of interview Then, our next speaker was Pr. Jaswinder singh, incharge of IAPT. Sir, greeted all of us with Sat Sri Akal and taught us the meaning of it. There was a World Record entered by Asia Book of Records, 2nd time in 2023, conducted under Jaswinder sir.He suggested to learn to get control on ourselves and never be a slave of anything, anymore. We should think about ourselves first then think about others. He also teached us how can we count our all bones in our body. He showed us new techniques about tables to learn them in a unique way. He conclude by saying that we need to have balance in life which can learn from mathematics. Then, there was our department visit after the lunch break. So, me and rest of the students went to the CSE department. Teachers sent to us to different classes section wise. Then, there was a sir who briefed us about various things of the department and history. Then, many teachers came to meet us and then, HOD mam came in our class, Dr. Kiran Jyoti, Associate Professor and Head of Department of Computer Science and Engineering. It was really great feeling for me to see the department. So the day ended with this and I came back home.
